docs/navigation/menu.md, before:

+++
[[properties."Menu.Container"]]
name="orientation"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Container</code> horizontally."
types=["horizontal", "{VIEWPORT}:horizontal"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="active"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> with <code>aria-pressed</code> attribute, and styles the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> as if it where being clicked."
types=["boolean"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="disabled"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> with <code>aria-disabled</code> attributes, and styles the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> partially transparent."
types=["boolean"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="href"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> as a <code>&lt;a role=\"button\"&gt;</code> and links to the specified <code>href</code> property."
types=["string"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="download"
description="If linking to a downloadable file, this property will be used as the suggested file name."
types=["string"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="rel"
description="Sets how the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> relates to the current page, see <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attr-rel' rel='noopener noreferrer' target='_blank'>MDN</a> for more information."
types=["string"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="target"
description="Sets the target of the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> being navigated, see <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attr-target' rel='noopener noreferrer' target='_blank'>MDN</a> for more information."
types=["string"]

[[properties."Menu.Button"]]
name="active"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Button</code> with <code>aria-pressed</code> attribute, and styles the <code>Menu.Button</code> as if it where being clicked."
types=["boolean"]

[[properties."Menu.Button"]]
name="disabled"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Button</code> with <code>disabled</code> attributes, and styles the <code>Menu.Button</code> partially transparent."
types=["boolean"]
+++

# Menu

`Menu` renders a nestable list of actionable buttons and links. Typically used in context menus or used as the main content body of [`Aside`](./aside.md).

```svelte repl Menu Preview
<script>
    import {
        Menu,
        Spacer,
        Text,
    } from "@kahi-ui/framework";
</script>

<Menu.Container>
    <Menu.Button>
        Copy
        <Spacer />
        <Text is="kbd">CTRL+C</Text>
    </Menu.Button>

    <Menu.Button>
        Cut
        <Spacer />
        <Text is="kbd">CTRL+X</Text>
    </Menu.Button>

    <Menu.Divider />

    <Menu.Button>
        Delete
        <Spacer />
        <Text is="kbd">DEL</Text>
    </Menu.Button>
</Menu.Container>
```

## Imports

```html default Menu Imports
<script>
    import {Menu} from "@kahi-ui/framework";

    const {
        Container,
        Anchor,
        Button,
        Divider,
        Heading,
        Item,
        SubMenu,
    } = Menu;
</script>
```

## Orientation

> **NOTE**: By passing an array, you can set [responsive values](../framework/responsivity.md). e.g. `orientation={["tablet:horizontal", "mobile:horizontal"]}`

> **IMPORTANT**: You should never use sub menus whenever using horizontal `Menu.Container` Components.

You can alter the orientation of how the `Menu.Container` lays out the children.

```svelte repl Menu Orientation
<script>
    import {Menu} from "@kahi-ui/framework";
</script>

<Menu.Container orientation="horizontal">
    <Menu.Button>Documentation</Menu.Button>
    <Menu.Button>Github</Menu.Button>
    <Menu.Button>Releases</Menu.Button>
</Menu.Container>
```

## Sub Menus

You can nest more menus via `<Menu.SubMenu>` Component and using `<svelte:fragment slot="sub-menu">` in `<Menu.Divider>` or `<Menu.Heading>` Components.

```svelte repl Menu Sub Menu
<script>
    import {
        Box,
        Menu,
        Spacer,
        Text,
    } from "@kahi-ui/framework";
</script>

<Box palette="negative" padding="medium">
    <Menu.Container>
        <Menu.Heading>
            FEEDBACK
            <svelte:fragment slot="sub-menu">
                <Menu.SubMenu>
                    <Menu.Button active>
                        Dot
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>

                    <Menu.Button>
                        Spinner
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>
                </Menu.SubMenu>
            </svelte:fragment>
        </Menu.Heading>

        <Menu.Heading>
            OVERLAYS
            <svelte:fragment slot="sub-menu">
                <Menu.SubMenu>
                    <Menu.Button>
                        Overlay
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>
                </Menu.SubMenu>
            </svelte:fragment>
        </Menu.Heading>
    </Menu.Container>
</Box>
```

## Text Divider

In place of `<Menu.Heading>` you can also use `<Menu.Divider>` with text content.

```svelte repl Menu Text Divider
<script>
    import {
        Box,
        Menu,
        Spacer,
        Text,
    } from "@kahi-ui/framework";
</script>

<Box palette="negative" padding="medium">
    <Menu.Container>
        <Menu.Divider>
            FEEDBACK
            <svelte:fragment slot="sub-menu">
                <Menu.SubMenu>
                    <Menu.Button active>
                        Dot
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>

                    <Menu.Button>
                        Spinner
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>
                </Menu.SubMenu>
            </svelte:fragment>
        </Menu.Divider>
    </Menu.Container>
</Box>
```

Commit message:

- Updated `Card` / `Check` / `Radio` / `Menu` / `Tile` with `<XXX variation="flush">` documentation

docs/navigation/menu.md, after:

+++
[[properties."Menu.Container"]]
name="orientation"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Container</code> horizontally."
types=["horizontal", "{VIEWPORT}:horizontal"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="active"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> with <code>aria-pressed</code> attribute, and styles the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> as if it where being clicked."
types=["boolean"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="disabled"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> with <code>aria-disabled</code> attributes, and styles the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> partially transparent."
types=["boolean"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="href"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> as a <code>&lt;a role=\"button\"&gt;</code> and links to the specified <code>href</code> property."
types=["string"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="download"
description="If linking to a downloadable file, this property will be used as the suggested file name."
types=["string"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="rel"
description="Sets how the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> relates to the current page, see <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attr-rel' rel='noopener noreferrer' target='_blank'>MDN</a> for more information."
types=["string"]

[[properties."Menu.Anchor"]]
name="target"
description="Sets the target of the <code>Menu.Anchor</code> being navigated, see <a href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attr-target' rel='noopener noreferrer' target='_blank'>MDN</a> for more information."
types=["string"]

[[properties."Menu.Button"]]
name="active"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Button</code> with <code>aria-pressed</code> attribute, and styles the <code>Menu.Button</code> as if it where being clicked."
types=["boolean"]

[[properties."Menu.Button"]]
name="disabled"
description="Renders the <code>Menu.Button</code> with <code>disabled</code> attributes, and styles the <code>Menu.Button</code> partially transparent."
types=["boolean"]

[[properties."Menu.Label"]]
name="for"
description="Sets the ID used by the <code>&lt;label&gt;</code> to target it's child form Component."
types=["string"]
+++

# Menu

`Menu` renders a nestable list of actionable buttons and links. Typically used in context menus or used as the main content body of [`Aside`](./aside.md).

```svelte repl Menu Preview
<script>
    import {
        Menu,
        Spacer,
        Text,
    } from "@kahi-ui/framework";
</script>

<Menu.Container>
    <Menu.Button>
        Copy
        <Spacer />
        <Text is="kbd">CTRL+C</Text>
    </Menu.Button>

    <Menu.Button>
        Cut
        <Spacer />
        <Text is="kbd">CTRL+X</Text>
    </Menu.Button>

    <Menu.Divider />

    <Menu.Button>
        Delete
        <Spacer />
        <Text is="kbd">DEL</Text>
    </Menu.Button>
</Menu.Container>
```

## Imports

```html default Menu Imports
<script>
    import {Menu} from "@kahi-ui/framework";

    const {
        Container,
        Anchor,
        Button,
        Divider,
        Heading,
        Item,
        Label,
        SubMenu,
    } = Menu;
</script>
```

## Orientation

> **NOTE**: By passing an array, you can set [responsive values](../framework/responsivity.md). e.g. `orientation={["tablet:horizontal", "mobile:horizontal"]}`

> **IMPORTANT**: You should never use sub menus whenever using horizontal `Menu.Container` Components.

You can alter the orientation of how the `Menu.Container` lays out the children.

```svelte repl Menu Orientation
<script>
    import {Menu} from "@kahi-ui/framework";
</script>

<Menu.Container orientation="horizontal">
    <Menu.Button>Documentation</Menu.Button>
    <Menu.Button>Github</Menu.Button>
    <Menu.Button>Releases</Menu.Button>
</Menu.Container>
```

## Sub Menus

You can nest more menus via `<Menu.SubMenu>` Component and using `<svelte:fragment slot="sub-menu">` in `<Menu.Divider>` or `<Menu.Heading>` Components.

```svelte repl Menu Sub Menu
<script>
    import {
        Box,
        Menu,
        Spacer,
        Text,
    } from "@kahi-ui/framework";
</script>

<Box palette="negative" padding="medium">
    <Menu.Container>
        <Menu.Heading>
            FEEDBACK
            <svelte:fragment slot="sub-menu">
                <Menu.SubMenu>
                    <Menu.Button active>
                        Dot
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>

                    <Menu.Button>
                        Spinner
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>
                </Menu.SubMenu>
            </svelte:fragment>
        </Menu.Heading>

        <Menu.Heading>
            OVERLAYS
            <svelte:fragment slot="sub-menu">
                <Menu.SubMenu>
                    <Menu.Button>
                        Overlay
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>
                </Menu.SubMenu>
            </svelte:fragment>
        </Menu.Heading>
    </Menu.Container>
</Box>
```

## Text Divider

In place of `<Menu.Heading>` you can also use `<Menu.Divider>` with text content.

```svelte repl Menu Text Divider
<script>
    import {
        Box,
        Menu,
        Spacer,
        Text,
    } from "@kahi-ui/framework";
</script>

<Box palette="negative" padding="medium">
    <Menu.Container>
        <Menu.Divider>
            FEEDBACK
            <svelte:fragment slot="sub-menu">
                <Menu.SubMenu>
                    <Menu.Button active>
                        Dot
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>

                    <Menu.Button>
                        Spinner
                        <Spacer />
                        <Text is="span">ICON</Text>
                    </Menu.Button>
                </Menu.SubMenu>
            </svelte:fragment>
        </Menu.Divider>
    </Menu.Container>
</Box>
```
